---
keywords: freight shipping process, efficient freight shipping process
author: GoShip Admin
title: 5 Tips for a Fast & Efficient Freight Shipping Process
intro: If you’re new to less-than-truckload (LTL) freight shipping, then there
  is a good chance that all of the terminology and shipping processes that it
  comes with are a little confusing. At GoShip.com, we do everything we can to
  make the process as easy as possible for you. We can offer you a few best
  practices to use to make LTL freight shipping even easier to understand. Here
  are some helpful tips that will allow your shipping process to be cool, calm
  and collected. 1. Get freight shipping quotes from the rig
postedAt: 1531296031000
news: false
description: You can make your freight shipping process fast and efficient by
  following several consequent steps.
altText: planning freight shipping process
image: images/goship-blog-53-.png
---
If you’re new to less-than-truckload (LTL) freight shipping, then there is a good chance that all of the terminology and shipping processes that it comes with are a little confusing. At GoShip.com, we do everything we can to make the process as easy as possible for you. We can offer you a few best practices to use to make LTL freight shipping even easier to understand. Here are some helpful tips that will allow your shipping process to be cool, calm and collected. **1\. Get freight shipping quotes from the right companies** LTL carriers often specialize in certain types of products, geographic areas, and rush orders. Your ideal candidate for expedited freight is an LTL carrier that matches with your job in all three criteria (product, area, expedited service). GoShip.com offers many shipping services to fit your needs, and you can check them out [here](https://www.goship.com/shipping-services/). **2\. Communicate with your LTL shipper** If you communicate thoroughly with your LTL shipper on a regular basis, you’ll reduce the possibility of a late delivery as well as other issues that could increase the cost of the job. When getting a quote, tell the shipper as many details as possible. For example, is the item being delivered to a company with an organized receiving dock, or to the tenth floor of an apartment building with no elevator? Also, when a delivery is in progress, check in with the carrier regularly or use any available services to monitor the shipping status to avoid problems before they happen. **3\. Complete all paperwork carefully** You’d be surprised how many deliveries are botched because the shipper wrote the incorrect address on the bill of lading. Details are crucial in freight shipping, especially with expedited freight shipping. Go over your paperwork carefully to make sure all the information is correct and complete. **4\. Be up to date on shipping trends** Having knowledge about current shipping trends, how the industry operates and which carriers can best handle your business enables you to get the best truck for the best price. On the other hand, not understanding the current market can cause you to leave money on the table or set a budget that's unrealistic. **5\. Be cost-efficient** One easy way to minimize costs is to reduce the time it takes to load and unload the freight. Consistently building shipments that are easy to load and unload increases productivity and efficiency and lowers costs, both in time and in the potential for product damage. Some ways that you can optimize the loading and unloading process include more efficient dock scheduling or the use of load planning software. **Let us make shipping easy for you** Whether you’re a small business or an individual needing to ship one item, GoShip.com can take the stress out of your shipping experience. Using our many longstanding relationships with key LTL carriers throughout North America, GoShip.com can arrange for whichever service you need. If you have a shipment that the traditional shipping companies can’t handle, contact us today for a [Free Quote](https://www.goship.com/) on our website and find out how we can help you.
