---
title: "Top 3 Benefits of Using Online Shipping Platforms"
image: "https://storage.googleapis.com/goshiprepo/prod/blog/images/benefits-of-using-an-online-shipping-service.jpg"
postedAt: 1539752415000
news: false
author: "GoShip Admin"
intro: "Online shipping platforms like GoShip.com provide shipping solutions for small businesses and individual shippers without dealing with brokers or carriers. Whether you need to transport large items, multiple pallets full of goods, or over-sized parcel that ordinary delivery services don’t accept, online LTL shipping companies can help. Online platforms with a wide network of professional carriers and drivers let you find a perfect shipping option for any freight. Whether it is bulky furniture, supplies for "
---
Online shipping platforms like GoShip.com provide shipping solutions for small businesses and individual shippers without dealing with brokers or carriers. Whether you need to transport large items, multiple pallets full of goods, or over-sized parcel that ordinary delivery services don’t accept, online LTL shipping companies can help. Online platforms with a wide network of professional carriers and drivers let you find a perfect shipping option for any freight. Whether it is bulky furniture, supplies for your business or an old piano — the shipping process can be simple.

How does it work?
=================

All you need to do is to log onto the website, set your requirements and choose from a variety of available carriers. Online freight services like GoShip.com offer [less-than-truckload (LTL) shipping](https://www.goship.com/blog/what-is-ltl-shipping/), which means that your cargo doesn’t fill up the entire truck. You share the capacity with other customers and pay only for space that you actually use. Using an online service means that you don’t have to deal with middle links of the shipping chain. There’s no need to wait for voice messages, emails and dozens of confirmations to schedule your shipment. Most services have mobile apps or are smartphone-friendly, so you can track your freight and compare all the available options for transportation right at your fingertips. As the mechanism of booking is much faster, carriers and shippers can arrange deals more efficiently than ever before. Small businesses and individuals often find online shipping services the most useful for their needs. Here are 3 main reasons why you should use an online shipping service like GoShip.com:

1.  **You save money.** If you are an entrepreneur or a small business owner, you definitely don’t want to spend the majority of your budget on the logistics. Large shipping companies can be expensive and don't offer any agile options for smaller businesses. At GoShip.com, you can pick a necessary service that will match your needs. Through its online shipping platform, you can select the best price to make your transportation affordable.
2.  **You save time.** When your business is fiercely evolving, you probably don’t have time to constantly speak to brokers, drivers, carriers, and suppliers. And you don’t have to — smart technologies will do this for you. Just specify your requirements and pick the relevant carrier. Using an online self-service shipping option like GoShip.com lets you [pick the perfect LTL provider](https://www.goship.com/blog/searching-for-the-perfect-ltl-provider/) for your shipment.
3.  **You can ship anything, anywhere.** Individual shippers often face obstacles while trying to transport large items. Are you moving to a new house? Do you need to ship bulky furniture? GoShip.com offers the best solutions for personal shipping: from cross-country delivery to Craigslist shipping. While selling and buying things on eBay and Craigslist is fun, it often becomes a problem to transport oversized items where you need them to go. Thanks to LTL shipping, you can transport any freight and be confident about its safety.

If you’ve already decided to improve your shipping process, discover how GoShip.com’s services will help you reach your goals. [Get a quote today!](https://www.goship.com)
