---
title: "The Best Way to Move Your Mattress"
postedAt: 1528271116000
news: false
author: "GoShip Admin"
intro: "Have you ever struggled to move your mattress during a big move? Although mattresses may not seem very important, they are an important part of our lives. No matter how much you may love your mattress, there’s no denying that they are heavy, bulky and an inconvenience to move. If you are moving and need to find an easy way to move your mattress, we want to help. First, we would like to break down the common types of mattresses. Most mattresses fall into one of seven categories: inner spring, hybrid, pillow "
---
Have you ever struggled to move your mattress during a big move? Although mattresses may not seem very important, they are an important part of our lives. No matter how much you may love your mattress, there’s no denying that they are heavy, bulky and an inconvenience to move. If you are moving and need to find an easy way to move your mattress, we want to help.   First, we would like to break down the common types of mattresses. Most mattresses fall into one of seven categories: inner spring, hybrid, pillow top, water, memory foam, latex and gel spring. Each mattress is made up of a different support system to make sleeping the most comfortable for you. If you are looking to purchase a mattress, you should do your research on different types and makeups of mattresses to make sure that the one you select will fit your comfort and sleeping needs.   There are two main ways that you can move your mattress: you can move it yourself or you can ship it. If you are only moving your mattress a short distance, it may be more convenient and beneficial for you to move it yourself. Whether you chose to move your mattress yourself or use a shipping company, you should wrap your mattress in plastic or a special mattress bag before you move it to protect it from damages.   When moving your mattress, most people secure the mattress to the top of their car or pack it into a rented van or the bed of a truck. If you are planning on securing it to the roof of your car, tape or tie down any extra plastic and balance the mattress in the middle of the roof of your car. You should also drive slowly to avoid the mattress shifting out of place. You need to make sure that you are able to see out of the proper windows in the vehicle you will be driving for your own safety.   If you are hiring movers to help move your mattress, remember that movers normally require mattresses to be bagged and boxed before moving day. If you are moving and are in need of a shipping service, check out GoShip.com’s furniture shipping options.
